I can't turn off the noise and if I saw
myself in a mirror I'd slam my head into
the mirror and just keep slamming it to
make it go away that's why I Disappeared
but it's not the only reason why he
disappeared magic couldn't fix me Dynamo
Illusionist magician
extraordinaire are you watching closely
was there a moment you look back on and
say that was my rock bottom the sixth of
November 2020 cuz that was the day and I
tried to kill myself your wife found you
unconscious in the dog
bed Magic's always been the thing that
has given me hope that I've used to
overcome the bullying overcome the
racist abuse and the lack of belief and
it made me stand out in a different way
dyn shout out to my homeboy Dynamo
Everything You Touch Is turned into gold
and you become the sensation and then in
2017 you stopped suddenly I got really
sick I couldn't hold the cards anymore
my body was deteriorating and then at
that same time your grandmother had
passed away who was your biggest
supporter I'd also heard that you had a
legal dispute which meant that you could
no longer use the name dynamoe I had so
many problems but I couldn't figure out
how to even solve one of them I felt if
I'm not here then everybody else might
be happier I realized then the Dynamo as
we know it needed to die and I'm finally
feeling it again now I just need to get
magic back in my life Dynamo or should I
say Steven is there some magic you can
show me right
now what oh my God
I've never shared this before but three
years ago Dynamo walked up to me when I
was at a Christmas party I'd never met
him before and he whispered something in
my ear that quite frankly stopped me in
my tracks that I could not believe I
knew Dynamo is this incredible online
magician and what he said to me that day
I was unable to forget he was in a dark
dark place he was engaged in a legal
battle and he just lost the right to use
his own name he could no longer call
himself Dynamo he was no longer able or
allowed to do magic and this stranger
that had walked over to me at that
Christmas party was suffering in a way
that I've never seen before and just a
week ago Dynamo text me and said it's
finally time to tell my story and that
is what you're going to hear today the
story he whispered in my ear at that
Christmas party all those years
ago where has Dynamo been what happened
and what happens next and before this
episode starts I want to make a deal
with you about 58% of you that watch
this podcast frequently haven't yet hit
the Subscribe button if you enjoy what
we do here here's the deal that I want
to make with you if you hit that
subscribe button I promise you that we
will keep making the show better in
every single way and we have huge plans
to turn this into more of a documentary
style conversation where we work
incredibly hard to bring in footage of
the things we're talking about about to
give you greater context and greater
meaning so if you hit the Subscribe
button I promise you that we will
deliver an even greater version of this
show I hope you choose to come along on
this journey enjoy this
[Music]
episode Dynamo or should I say Stephen
we're friends you can come wherever you
like Stephen in researching your story
I've been surprised inspired shocked but
in many
ways it's given me the context I think
that was missing as to how a man like
you committed their life to Magic for
people that don't know your story your
earliest years and the context back
there in Bradford in 1980
two what is the context that we need to
understand in order to understand you I
think
ultimately
it's the OS
that sometimes magic is found in the
most unlikely places and I was a kid in
a counselor state with no hopes no kind
of not much family around me no real
Direction and if anything I should never
have amounted to
anything so for me just trying to not be
confined by my environment by my
circumstance es is the magic I've been
searching for all my life and
hopefully I can use the magic I've now
found to inspire others who might find
themselves trapped in a similar position
Bradford 1982 you you said you didn't
have a lot of family around
you what family did you have and not
have around you I mean I was I just born
so you know I can't remember exactly
everything from literally 82 but from
say
80 from
86 I believe that was when my dad went
to jail
so he wasn't around any longer um my
mom was there but she she had me really
young but she would have been about
she'll have been about 20 then so a
young mom um losing you know losing her
her partner who would have been raising
me with her so your mom had you at 16
yeah she was pregnant at 16 okay was
there racial issues in your childhood
cuz I think you are you biracial yeah
yeah my father's patan my mom's English
okay patan I'm not familiar yeah it's a
it's a tribe um it's it's parts of it in
Afghanistan parts of it in Pakistan it's
kind of scattered around the world and
you must have been what four years old
when he went to prison yeah did you
understand what that meant no no not at
all I uh I remember him going out and
then just never coming
back it wasn't until I was a lot older
but I kind of understood that he'd gone
away and why he'd gone away and you know
and I kind
of it's
weird like I was young enough that not
having him around became a normal thing
like not having a father you know I was
on a counsel state where other people
didn't have fathers around or mothers or
you know broken families so for
me it became just a normal way of life I
think if i' have been a bit older and
had more chance to understand more and
Miss more than it would have maybe been
harder did you resent him at that age
when you started to realize what you had
lost in a father I think if I'm honest I
resented him more as an adult as I got
older like I resented him
more when I first met him properly after
you know like when I'm I'm
he he came to uh Revolution wine bar in
Bradford and this was when I was 19
years old and I'd started to make a
little bit of a name for myself with my
magic back then you know I'd um I'd I
think I would applyed for like princess
trust start upload and all that sort you
know I was I was basically you know
starting
to go somewhere way that was positive in
my
life and I got called by the manager of
Revolution saying oh there's a gentleman
that says she's your dad has come to see
you said oh I'm Dynamo's dad and I'm
like that's weird because like I don't
really feel like I've got a dad so I'm
like okay this is strange and
then I said oh well just tell them I'm
busy right now but if he wants to come
in in a couple of days time when I'm not
working because I was getting ready to
do a set at the bar I perform Magic
basically in Revolution bar and he came
back a few days
later and I mean he kind of looked like
me so I kind of knew it was true you
know I asked my mom about it and she
explained you know but yeah he's he's
not in jail anymore and he's been out
and he's been asking about you I think
he tried to call my mom a few times he'd
call my Nana's phone as well and they'd
always just kind of you know they they
saw that I was getting on my life and
I'd got used to a life without him in it
so I felt that it was best for me to not
have him in my life and then when I met
him it was so strange because he
basically said that you've you've got a
you know you see you've got a little
crew around you do any of your your
friends want to help shift some stuff
for me and when I say stuff I'm not
talking about legal stuff and at that
point I was just like wow you know he's
he's clearly not been reformed and I
don't feel like he's the sort of person
I need in my life right now cuz I've
spent a lot of my life trying to avoid
this type of environment how long had it
been since you'd seen him at that
moment this was when I was 19 so from
say four years old so you hadn't seen
him for like 15 years and the first time
he sees you he offers to he asks you to
help him shift some drugs yeah not just
drugs but
yeah trying to figure out what else it
could be if it's
not okay he was into stuff lots of stuff
you know
um
and you know that's that's the life some
people choose you know what I mean like
um I didn't know him enough to to to
have a to be able to say whether he was
a good man or a bad man because you know
end of the day just because you do that
sort of stuff doesn't necessarily
ultimately make you a bad person it can
be the circumstances that lead you into
that World um but at the time in my life
you know I'd been getting some
incredible support from mappa Youth
Center in Bradford I basically was
surrounded by for the first time in my
life positive role models from you know
positive male role
models and part of
me hoped that when I saw my dad that he
could be one of those
but I think I was too far gone in the
other direction and he was going in a
different direction and it just wasn't
meant to be and you know like
I I think then I just became indifferent
I just thought well you know what I've
gone this far without a
father so I don't really need one though
resentment was that because you were
still holding out hope that he was
someone else or where where did the
resentment come from in that moment you
said that's when you resented him the
most because I think he they he had in
front of him an opportunity to connect
with me and he saw a different
opportunity in that
moment he cared more about using you as
a vehicle to sell drugs
yeah are you still holding on to
pain oh yeah
100% there's going to be parts of that
but'll never be closed off because um
sadly he's not alive anymore people
often say to me when I speak to them on
this podcast about parents that they've
lost that when we lose someone it often
changes our perspective on them and the
situation and often the the issue that
held us apart when your mom came to you
and told you that he had now passed away
is there anything you look back on and
go with that New Perspective now that
he's gone and go you know what this
would have been a probably a different
or a better way of handl handing the
situation is there any regrets there at
all I can't really have regrets
personally because the circumstance I
was in was not of my making you know um
I was told by by my grandma that and my
auntie as well my aun M they they both
would tell me passionately how much my
Mom and Dad loved each other but there
was also an element that they said it's
a good job that he went away because if
he'd have not gone away it's highly
likely that my mom and my me would have
been dead because he was apparently very
abusive and to your mother
yeah did did you ever know this did you
ever see this I was like I wasn't really
I think it was more before I was born
and then you know I think yeah I was too
young to
really understand it like my mom's told
me about stuff more recently and you
know my as I've been like you know
uncovering things about myself like I've
asked more
questions what have you been trying to
figure out about
yourself a lot of things the last few
years um the point in my existence
ultimately if we go back to the the rest
of the context there um from those early
years what were you like socially in
school
and were you a
did you like
school
um I like
learning I like trying to understand
things but did I like school I was
scared of school why just because I used
to get beat up all the
time like it was school for me was
painful but it wasn't the learning
aspect of it it was getting to and from
the lessons you know surviving the
playground like that for me was
difficult because I went to a school
that was predominantly uh you know a
more white school so let's say
and you know I was getting to an age
where my complexion started to show so
it was obvious that I wasn't full
English so it was a lot harder to hide
because I was told when I lived on the
estate you know I was recommended by
everybody you know by my mom by my nan
by just anybody who was was close to my
family at the time if anybody asks just
say you're white you know it was kind of
ingrained in where we lived to hear
anything that is
different I read about a story where
someone threw you into a river oh yeah
vam yeah yeah yeah that's um so one of
the Estates I lived on they've done
quite a few counselor States in badford
depending on where my mom's boyfriends
lived or girlfriends um at the time so
so I
remember there's Del estate and then
there's Woodside estate and separating
them is a big massive field and then in
the middle of the field is a dam and it
was where like all the cool kids would
kind of go to hang out and I wasn't one
of the cool kids but like one time I got
invited down there so I thought oh
amazing you know I'm finally being
accepted and when I got there they only
invited me down there to kind of throw
me in the dam they knew I couldn't swim
I didn't I didn't have a an adult to
teach me how to swim till I didn't learn
to swim till I was like you know 14 15
so they threw me in the dam and it was
one of the most traumatizing experiences
I'd felt at that time thankfully there
was one guy on the estate Wayne jawi um
who basically dived in and helped me out
and you know he was a really good
swimmer he could he could um get me to
safety and yeah like stuff like that
happened all the time though it wasn't
like you know I can remember that
because I couldn't swim and if you've
ever experienced that Panic that you get
when you you know when you feel like
you're drowning that will stay with you
um you know I don't like going you know
I don't like going into the sea that you
know like getting into water in general
is not my uh favorite thing you and me
both I can't swim either so I remember
the first time I nearly drowned and I
remember the person that jumped in and
saved me when I was a kid as well
remember it like it was
yesterday so yeah so like that
experience happened you know it happened
on the way to school it happened after
school you know so for me the the
thought of going to school was always
like a daunting
notion there were certain teachers like
Mrs wox you know like uh she's my
English teacher and she was really nice
and she was really nurturing and I
didn't
feel stupid in front of her because in a
lot of the
classes when you know when the teacher
asking you to get
involved I was so nervous of other
people's opinions in the class that if I
spoke up if I if I put my hand up to
answer a question and it was wrong then
that just was going to lead to more
getting beaten up harder after school or
you know more ridicule so I kind of kept
myself to myself but at the same time I
was just like this this like sad loner
kid who would take the long way home so
I didn't get beat up I remember speaking
to Israel out of s who was the UFC world
champion and him telling me a very
similar story about taking the long way
round school so that he would avoid the
bullies on the playground and all of
those things again in his situation was
heavily racially motivated he had was
this kid that had flown to New Zealand
from Africa he was the black kid and so
he was he ultimately turns to fighting
as a way to help him survive yeah I mean
he's he's very good at it I've seen him
he is amazing well I think about your
story and I go in a way didn't did you
turn to Magic as a way to help you to
survive ultimately that's where it ended
up but I didn't turn to magic magic kind
of found me because it was never
something I was into
initially it was something that my
grandpa used to do he do tricks here and
there you know little like the sort of
things you see a guy doing a pup you
know nothing like super amazing but to
me he was like kind of the main male
role model in my life and he was always
alive for the party you know and
he seemed to have an answer to every
single
problem and one day when he was picking
up from school like he saw a sort of
things that was happening to me and I
never knew he'd saw this but you know
he'd always get to the school playground
early so you know so he didn't want to
be late for picking me up and often I'd
walk out the door and straight away I'd
kind of get in a fight or get you know
get caught up in something and he'd kind
of stayed back and never really got
involved but he saw it kind of be quite
bad one day and when he was walking home
is telling me he's going to like show me
some things you know that might help me
and I'm thinking oh yeah it's going to
be like Karate Kid you know Mr Miyagi
you know like but it wasn't any of that
stuff he he's he showed me magic and he
says you know these things get they get
me positive attention when I'm out on
about when I share these things so maybe
maybe try these
and I was scared at school about trying
them because I'm like thinking well I'm
already seen as this weird of this
Outcast like how
is now you know is is sharing magic with
people because magic wasn't like a cool
thing
thankfully it made me stand out in a
different way and it deflected attention
from me and there was definitely some
people that you know shunned it didn't
like it but there was enough people that
thought it was interesting and you
know kind of kind of cool that it got
people off my back that was really where
the magic began properly that's before
that
point it was you know it was something
that I was using to deflect attention
from the other areas of my life that I
was trying to hide it's um it's quite
remarkable how many times I've heard
similar stories about someone finding a
way to belong through a craft or through
singing or through acting whatever it
might be and then them committing their
life to that it's almost like they
become addicted to it in some way and it
I guess the issue is when you ask
yourself the question what am I now
without it do I therefore not belong if
I don't do
magic yep I know that feeling all too
well I'm sure we're going to come to
that um about 13 years old in 5 you're
diagnosed with crohn's disease which is
very young I believe to be diagnosed
with crohn's disease which is a lifelong
disease um it's like a severe
inflammation related to irritable bowel
syndrome from what I understand yeah and
it can be life-threatening as well yeah
yeah um I've had a a few moments where
i' had life like life threatening
operations how does that change the
picture at 13 years old with that
diagnosis and what led up to that
diagnosis well before the diagnosis
this I'd got to you know my teenage
years where you you know you kind of
start to have changes right you go
through puberty
and I was definitely like a bit of a
slow start I was still you know all the
kids at school were getting bigger and I
was getting smaller or I wasn't getting
smaller but they they were getting
bigger and I just basically wasn't
really kind of gr growing at the same
rate and my mom started to take me to
the hospital to get tests done to try
and figure out you know what was up with
me
which I
understand why my mom would do that but
at the same time for a kid who feels
like they don't
belong to then be taken to hospital to
have tests done on me to figure out
what's wrong with
me like suddenly I'm like well all right
I don't belong and I've got something
wrong with me I mean I me this is you
know like what is the point in me you
know am I broken do you know what I mean
so I mean there clearly there clearly
was issues um and they found but I had
Cron's
disease and I guess now I feel that's
quite is an incredibly good thing to
have done the problem was back
then there wasn't enough knowing about
cronn as there is now right the doctors
understand it a lot more they understand
how to treat it and people are a lot
more open to you know to it you know
essentially it's an onus that affects
your bowels which ultimately affects you
know
and and how your body digests
things and that's not the sort of topics
that you know are that easy to talk
about um especially when you're you know
a teenager going through your formative
years you know is there a lot of pain
associated with CR disease yeah yeah
yeah stomach cramps um you know I mean
if I don't take my medication I'm one at
the moment I can struggle to walk or to
even get out of bed really a day yeah
it's like having
a a wound inside your
tummy and it's like an open wound and
every time you eat you're essentially
it's like rubbing dirt into that open
wound so it's never going to heal it's
going to constantly keep getting
infected and it's going to constantly
keep being inflamed and because it's
inside you like you know your gut
affects every part of your body you know
so and
then it has side effects which one of
the one of the side effects is reactive
arthritis which is what I suffer from
where if my cronn flares up which can be
brought on from simple things like just
just everyday stress like Al to you
don't have to just eat something for it
to be bad like you can you can have a
stressful day and it can you know give
you a stomach ache which then can
ultimately spread to the rest of your
body and make you feel debilitated and
that if you've got the active atis it
means that all your joints start to
seize up and ache um hence why sometimes
I struggle to walk and kind of function
and you know you you kind of need your
Mobility to be a good magician so you
know for me when
yeah when that happens it stops me from
being able to perform the way that that
I've kind of gone to love and that will
then have knock on effects to the
psychological yeah and every case of
cons is different you know it affects
people in different ways but but
ultimately yeah imagine stomach having
stomach ache just all the time and being
scared to eat because you don't want to
you know eat something and it it ruined
it it wipe you out for the rest of the
day
so you um you go to this new six form
College you end up dropping out of
college because you decide you want to
pursue magic full-time and then you go
off to America where you stayed with
your grandmother in America by the age
of sort of 17 years old you have that
operation for your Crohn's which removes
part of your stomach and then at sort of
20 years old you end up back in
London and that's when you started to
sort of gain a following for your
performances online I think you know
most of us saw that chapter of your life
I believe most of us um through videos
on social media stuff on TV and all of
that and from there on it really looks
like your career starts to take off
because I I was looking through your
biography and at 22 years old you
receive an invitation to perform at the
United States Super Bowl by 29 years old
you have your own TV show called dynamo
magician impossible and then that shows
a Smash Hit wins all these Awards best
entertainment program is that really in
your view where things started to take
off you're 29 years old 30 years old
Everything You Touch has turned into
gold and you become this kind of
sensation I guess that depends on what
you class as like what is success right
because for
me this the beginning of success where
things started to take off was when I
got my princesses trust business sty BL
on
you were what when you were 16 or
something or no I was a bit I wasit
older it was um it was 2002 so you're 20
MH like before that
point I thought one day I'm gonna have
to grow up or one day I'm gonna have to
get you know like a real job yeah what
people say right yeah yeah you know I
think right up until uh you know right
up until like my Grandpa died and and
Man passed you know I think they were
still thinking that I might get come up
come home one day and say oh I've got a
proper job now was that uh my Grandpa
died in
2012 right and he he died in the middle
of my second series of of magician
impossible so he got to see some of his
like the way he nurtured me and helped
me and shared that magic he got to see
some of that magic get brought to life
on screen so I was that's probably some
of my proudest moments but then my uh my
nana um sadly she passed in the last
couple of years um I don't think don't
think anybody really knows about Manana
passing um outside of you know my family
and my friends um
and for me like myo was my biggest
supporter for everything but I know that
she was always worried about me cuz she
always thought that this magic thing
wouldn't work out and she wanted me to
have something to fall back on you know
when I dropped out of college to pursue
magic as you know as that's just all I
wanted to do you know she was very worri
she was she was the one trying to tell
me that I should not fall out I need to
get you know get an education and in
many respects you know the advice she
was giving was you know was good
advice
but
luckily things kind of turned out all
right for the m in the magic
I mean it turned out right's quite an
understatement you were Magician of the
Year multiple times the TV show magician
impossible then won the TV Choice Awards
his best entertainment show you ended
that Dynamo's magician impossible show
after its fourth season season I believe
um and then you barked on your first
live tour called seeing is believing and
then in when you were 35 years old in
2017 you stopped that tour suddenly yeah
I think the the tour kind of run its
course uh we we do it we we did over
like you know we we did a lot of
countries and a lot of tickets and it
was amazing you know I'm I like try and
pushing the envelope with magic and with
everything I do and I felt like that
time on the road gave me time to have a
lot of new ideas and I felt like I
wanted to try and bring some of those
ideas to life but some of those ideas
had to get put on hold uh cuz it was
shortly after that that I got really
sick with my
crons what happened got uh food
poisoning and that gave me a a camply
back to um food poisoning which
basically is like probably the worst
type of food poisoning you can get and
that combined with my cones was a rep
recipe for disaster so basically I was
in hospital I I just
remember it was like 10:00 and I was
getting ready to go to bed and I went to
the
bathroom and I had this like horrible
feeling in my stomach but I've got cron
so like I'm used to kind of having to
numb these these feelings you know I'm
used to just thinking okay it's going to
be uncomfortable for like half an hour
an'll pass right and it wasn't going
away and then
suddenly like blood was coming out of my
mouth I was vomiting I was blood was
coming out of both sides right that's
yeah uh and I did know what to do like
it would it wouldn't stop I was in so
much pain um I was screaming my wife
like and literally I got rush to
hospital and they gave me you know they
gave me all the medication to try you
know they put me on the drip and
morphine everything and nothing was
getting rid of the pain I never felt a
pain like it and I just did not
understand what it was like
and what because of that it caused my
crones to kind of even though i' had so
much of my crones cut out already in
previous operations it caused it to
spread into a different part of my
bowel
and from
that came the reactive arthritis because
in the part of the ball they moved to
had different side effects that I never
had before MH like I remember like just
getting these Sensations where I you
know I'd got kind of over the you know a
few months later I'm I'm over the like
food poisoning element of it you know
I'm I'm out of hospital I'm kind of you
know trying to get on with my life but
I'd be holding my cards you know I'd be
doing you know magic like things you
know stuff that I do in my sleep
right but suddenly I was getting like
shooting pains in my joints and I was it
was like electric shocks I was I
couldn't hold the cards anymore I was
struggling to move you know I'd be in a
seat and I won't be able to get up
because like my knees would be like like
stuck and i' never had that experience
before and
I suddenly felt like Mr Burns you know
from The Simpsons MH you know like he
seems really like fail and weak
and I felt like I was you know I was I
wasn't old I was like I feel like I
should be in my Prime you know what I
mean and I couldn't understand it I felt
like my body was
deteriorating around me
and so I went basically on medical
trials for the next few years um and the
thing is with medical trials is that
when you try a new medicine you have to
try it for three months before the
doctors will write that off as not
working and try on a new
medication but there was times where
when I knew within the first two weeks
it wasn't working but I had to go the
full three months and in those three
months you know my symptoms weren't
getting better if anything they'd get
worse and it you know it wasn't until we
got to
the ninth
month where I started this medication
called inflix M where you have to go to
the hospital every few weeks and you get
put on a drip for years there for like
eight hours and they basically put his
medicine inside you and that really had
an incredible effect like that gave me a
new lease of life I felt stronger I
probably felt stronger than I'd felt
before I was on it but then Co
happened um it stopped my infliximab
from
working so
suddenly I mean
2020 and I'm on medical trials
again and I tried um you know I tried so
many different medications and it's it
was it wasn't till
like the beginning of 2021 where I
really got one that was really working
properly um and even now I'm on that but
it's still I still have like I have
three days a week where I'm really bad
where my joints just don't really work
that well um and my CNS my stomach feels
bad but yeah that that was a big part of
the reason why I uh kind of I guess
disappeared for a while but it's not the
only reason why he disappeared for a
while yeah I think
um everything
that my body was going through
everything that I was going through the
pressures of you
know trying you like wanting to do magic
and the pressures of trying to sustain a
career and they uped people's
expectations
um was almost an impossible task to do
whilst I was trying to fix my body and
ultimately you
know I ended up in a situation
where without magic without being able
to do what I loved not knowing if I was
ever going to be able to get it
back made me think what's the point in
my existence
and I
think my body was kind of imploding and
so was my
mind what was going on in your
mind I didn't know what to do in my life
didn't know what to do myself um there's
a lot of things that I don't want to
fully go into so but I'll try and you
know be as give you as much as I can
there was just so much noise in my head
and I hated myself for feeling how I
felt I hated the my where my body felt
because of you know because of
everything I was dealing with if I saw
myself in a mirror in my house I hated
what was looking back at me I hated it
so much that i' slam my head into the
mirror and just keep slamming it so try
and just either you know make it go
away
and
yeah I don't know I didn't I didn't want
to be alive because I didn't feel like
the life I had take away all the the
success and you know that side of
things I
wasn't I wasn't living because I wasn't
able to do the thing I loved the most
which was magic
and it
was it was a time in my life
where I felt that
magic couldn't fix
me but Magic's always been the thing
that has given me hope that I've kind of
used to overcome the bullying
overcome the self-doubt and the lack of
belief from others and in and in in my
own self and suddenly I'm in a position
where I don't know what to do with
myself and magic isn't going to fix it
and I can't I can't until I'm fixed I
can't do the thing that gives me a
reason and gives me a
purpose in performing magic I can't do
that
because I'm not mentally or
physically
capable how long did
that that last I'm still dealing with it
now to be
honest like it it's difficult
because
I'm a
magician right and to everybody
else looking at me as a
magician I'm someone who does the
impossible I'm someone
who kind of should be able to do
anything but
I'm a
magician who C who felt like you know
back then and you know and still at
times now I'm a
magician
who feels like I can't
do the first thing that a magician needs
to do perform
magic so
then I'm just an impostor
I
can't live up to the
expectations
that people have of me and it's not that
I I'm not the sort of person who like
searches for validation from other
people you know like I mean you know
magic is not an art form that is seen as
the coolest thing ever do you know I
mean it's you know I'd have set myself
up to fail if if you know by by
following f with magic um if I'd have
been naive to that point do you know I
mean I know that Magic's never been cool
right and you know I hope that in some
small way I've helped to make it feel a
bit cooler than maybe what it was
perceived as but Magic's the only thing
that I'm good
at
and I
think the way that I can manipulate my
body and you know kind of have handle
cards and do the things is a big part of
what's made my magic unique and feel
special and not been able to do that
kills
me am I right in thinking that at that
same time your grandmother had passed
away who was your biggest supporter your
body was breaking down because of Crohns
and your illness around that time as
well and I'd also heard that you had had
a legal dispute with your
management which meant that you could no
longer use your social media channels
the name Dynamo etc etc and that had all
happened in this concentrated period of
your
life there was there's a lot of stuff
going on and yeah like you know
I I think losing my nana
ultimately
was I think the thing that I guess the
St that brought the camel back is EXP
profession that you use because she's
always been the backbone for me whenever
I felt weak and there been a lot of
times for a week my Nana has always been
strong for
me and
then with a lot of things going on in my
life being my with my life being flipped
upside
down you know and then Manana go in as
well it was just like man like
you
know the light like just felt like the
world was out to get me
and I kind of wanted the ground to just
break open and just swallow me up if I
was a fly on the wall in your house at
that time what would I have
seen a lot of stuff that I don't really
want I would want anybody to see
like I wasn't very nice to
myself a lot of
pain but also a lot of numbness and I
felt
that ironically actually I didn't feel
like I felt so
numb
that I'd hurt myself to try and feel
something self harming mhm
does your does your partner know what's
going on in your life inside your head
during this
period CU I because I have a I have a
partner and I if I was in such a dark
place where I was self Haring and doing
some of the things you've described that
banging my head against the mirror and I
was in that sort of cycle of self hatred
my partner I think my partner would
would would
know
yeah she knew she she really didn't know
the extent of it to begin with and I
think
also the the Lost side of things you
know she obviously felt that herself so
I
think those things she's dealing with it
dealing with her own grief at the same
time so sometimes when you're dealing
with grief you it's hard to see outside
of your own grief to see other people's
you know what I mean um and we were kind
of almost together in those moments you
know we came together like you know
but
she she was the one who ultimately got
me to go to therapy and to get the help
and support that I needed really in this
chapter was there was there a moment you
look back on and say that was that was
my rock bottom mhm yep the 6th of
November
2020 the 6th of November 2020
mhm almost three years ago
today exactly
almost why was that the hardest
day because that was the day that I knew
that she
knew cuz she found me
and I tried to kill
myself she found you in the house
mhm she found you
unconscious yep in the dog
bed what are you comfortable talking
about I mean I'm not super comfortable
at life generally so you know just
talking this is the first time I've kind
of done an
interview that's not been with a
therapist in since
2020 so you know I I I trust you
you've you know we've you've been a bit
of a you've been a help for me over the
last few
years so I guess you obvious respectful
then I respect what you'll do with what
I
say will be
done way there's two things there's two
things I want you to feel comfortable
about whatever you say but also after
this conversation if there's anything
you you're not comfortable with having
said you can of course let me know and
it won't be it won't be out there in the
world but I I want to
um I think the the question that I like
that I think is of most value is
understanding how someone gets to that
point i' I've actually spent quite a
long time speaking to Simon gunning
who's the CEO of calm campaign against
living miserably yeah um and he's done a
really great job of helping me to
understand suicidality as a topic but
also when I have a public platform like
this where I speak on this these subject
matters
occasionally about what elements of that
are useful for people that are in that
mindset now and
what he's shared with me is part of it
is people understanding that some how
someone gets there but also
understanding how they go from there and
they rise out of that
situation what was what was on your
mind when that led you up to that
moment I
felt
but I had so
many
problems but I couldn't figure out how
to even solve one of
them and the problems weren't just
affecting me they were affecting my
household they
were affecting you know just my family's
life
and a big part of my
thought if I'm
dead then my problems will affect these
other people in my life and they will be
all
right cuz I felt
like
ultimately I was the
problem
it was quite a
simple kind of that that was it it was
like
okay if I'm not
here then everybody else might be
happier and they can get on with their
lives
and you
know
like that was
it your wife found finds you that day in
the dog bed and then she calls an
ambulance she called Edward despot who's
my doctor he's he's my my gastrologist
my Crone
specialist and then I remember well she
was on the phone to him when I kind of
came around and she was just crying
and that's will you ask
me a moment where it feels like it was
the
worst I'd probably hurt myself worse on
previous
occasions
but I'd never been found by the one
person in this life whose opinion I
genuinely care
about
and no matter what I do now in the
future there's nothing I can do
that can
erase what she
saw and that's the thing I'm the most
ashamed of because in the moment I felt
like I was trying to maybe do
something that
would take all the problems I thought I
was facing and remove them from
everybody else's
world
but I'd not actually thought about what
these people would feel if I wasn't here
you know what I mean MH so
that's the shame that I feel for that I
don't feel ashamed for feeling the way I
did but I feel
ashamed
that my wife kind of saw that like
it's it's just embarrassing is
it she's the person I'm supposed to be
strong for you know she's person who
relies on me I'm you know I'm the I'm
the husband I'm not I don't mean that
like I know we live in a modern world
you know where you know you know it's
but
like I'm supposed to be there to be
strong for her and I couldn't even be
strong for
myself can I ask you a question in that
when someone is in that situ situation
as you were
psychologically what do you
think those around them can do to
support that
person or do you think there's very
little those around I'm trying to really
understand how to support someone you
know in my life that would be in such a
such a
mindset I mean I guess what my wife did
like not not just you naturally you
would call someone for help like a
doctor or something like that
but I
mean even though I still feel
it and I can't necessarily speak on her
behalf
but
she didn't make me feel
ashamed she loves you doesn't
she
yeah
it's one of the greatest gifts isn't it
to have someone in your life like that
that you know just loves
you through thick and
thin from the ex from the experience and
how she's
been even up till now you know how she
dealt with it and dealt with me
and I
think it's the first
time outside Mano outside of family who
you know they have to do it it's
unconditional right um because their
family their blood but it's the first
time that I have actually felt the love
of somebody else like because we've been
married a long time before
then
but you know
you you just never know what someone's
going to act like when really hits
the fun and they see you naked yeah
and I was exposed I was you can't get
any more exposed than than what I
felt and she became the rock she she
gave me a love but I've never had to to
deal with it
and you know
it's yeah
is something that I didn't necessarily
maybe know I needed in my life
until that moment and that ultimately is
kept me
alive around this time there's a dispute
with your
management what are you able to tell me
about that because I know it's a legal
dispute so there's things that probably
can't talk about but I think it's
important context to understand what
you're going through in this moment as
it relates to your sense of purpose and
identity and all those things what are
you able to tell me I
think I was at a time in my
life
where I felt
lost
and I
knew if
I you know stayed doing things exactly
the same way that I'd always done
them then you're only going to get kind
of the same results right you know if
I'm if I'm feeling suicidal faults and
I'm feeling kind of like
worthless then the only way to break
that cycle is to have a fresh start it's
needed
to break away from everything and
ultimately you know you've started many
of businesses and you know I'm sure some
of those have failed and some of those
have you know you've had to have you
know go your separate ways at times um
so that happens in business um and I
think there was a lot of work needed to
be done on
myself and just had to take time away
from that like
um yeah I can't really uh tou on it too
much I'm trying to be extremely careful
what I say it's all good I'm actually
quite interested in the the not what
happened but the consequence of what
happened so because I've noticed you've
not been posting on social
media in a while for example so I
assumed that one of the consequences of
this separation with your management was
you've not you've not been able to use
your social media accounts and we've not
seen you on the internet as much is
that a correct
assumption I don't feel like I've wanted
to kind of post things
because I felt like my
life isn't been worth
sharing so you know whilst I've been
trying
to fix
myself I I didn't feel comfortable kind
of sharing in those moments and kind of
just let the lawyers do what they do and
figure that stuff out because I'm I'm
I'm too busy trying to figure out what's
going on in my own head you know how
to kind of just get to a place in this
world
where I can deal with the pressure of
Life
ultimately all I wanted to do which is
you know what's led me to hear with you
today is get to a place in my life
where I could share magic
again and even if my arthritis and my
Crone stopped me doing it in the way I
used
to I had to find a new way to share it
and
there's
certain
things in the past
that I've had to go
through negative experiences you know
positive
experiences But ultimately I've had to
go through those things to learn and
grow from them and some things I've had
to leave
behind and um speaking of things you've
left
behind are you still
Dynamo Palm is always Dynamo yeah of
course like
but the thing
is I've battled with knowing who they
almost like there's been a battle
between me and myself
because the lines are so blurred or were
so blurred between you know the Steven
that you know and the Dynamo it you know
the the greater World kind of
knows so
then
like it's just
been it's been a lot of confusion right
in simple terms it's been a lot of
confusion
because Dynamo is the part of me that
feels like it can do
anything but
Steven's the flawed human being that
realizes and knows that he
can't and it's a
conflict and then when my body's falling
apart my life's falling apart I'm losing
everything in my life outside of magic
but I
love
then I'm just an empty
shell
and
that's the sort of
feeling that makes you think like what
is the point why am I here like I am
worthless to this
world if I can't share the only thing
that I feel I'm good
at people will be sat thinking why can't
you share
it because
partly for some reasons
that you know are outside of my
control legal related reasons some yeah
and yeah
sure
um you know and
then
partly
because
mentally I wasn't free like I need to be
free in my head to create material to
create the magic I
share
but all that was in my head is horrible
things is things that I can't shut off I
can't turn off the noise so then there's
no space for magic to find its way
weing
so I I guess it'd be like the
equivalent to writer block like magic
writer block like I don't if that's a
real thing but that's the only way I'm
trying to Simply explain it the way that
I heard it from what you just said about
the noise was I can't write if there's
loud music playing with lots of lyrics
in it so when I when I do writing I have
to turn off
loud music with lyrics in it or else I
can't my brain can't focus on both so I
was almost imagining being in a room
with really loud music playing and then
me trying to think and right and I just
wouldn't be able to yeah
like like my body was not allowing me to
perform in the physical sense in the way
that I want it to you know I was you
know some of the medication was working
well and I was doing good but then like
mentally like I wasn't in a fit state to
do magic you
know
and because of things that was going on
behind the scenes I also it was really
complicated you know um even getting
work and
then naturally with that you know it's
going to come Financial pressures which
is the last thing you need when you've
also dealing with everything
else
so ultimately
I had too
many horrible thoughts in my mind to try
I had too many problems to
solve to even think about
magic but then me not thinking about
magic you
just then that's just that's a dis
pressing notion because that's so much
of your purpose and meaning and joy and
yeah
and it's not just tricks it's not you
know I'm not when I talk about magic in
this sense like there's
the there's the card tricks there's the
things that people see right but for me
magic is a
feeling it's something you experience in
your body when you witness something
that you can't explain or when you see
something that feels impossible but
feels like unobtainable
right putting a smile on someone's face
is a magical thing and that's what I've
spent my life
doing But the irony is I was in a
position
where I couldn't put a smile on my own
face so how am I meant to do that for
anybody else if I can't you know if I
can't do the the simplest thing for
myself and you go to therapy at this
point you said yeah my wife was on on
the phone when she found me to um to Ed
despot who's my cosmotologist right and
then he he um put my wife in touch with
with a therapist um called Edward
Sim
and I had some sessions with him
initially but this type of therapy can
be quite expensive yeah so like I got
like the first few bills and I was like
I can't sustain this I need it but
having to pay for therapy was making me
more stressed in the process because I
just couldn't afford the
therapy but Edward Sim
um he showed me a kindness that I've
kind of been you know but I haven't seen
in a long time especially at that time
like he contacted my wife um and just
said listen I want to help him him um
I'll do it for
free and he's been he's been looking
after me ever since and you know
like for free yeah wow I mean I've you
know I've I've keep offering to pay now
you know I'm in a slightly better place
and but he refuses you know he um but
you know I think you know he's someone
who I want in my life forever and you
know I want I want to be able to repay I
never be able to to be pay him for what
he's done for me but
like yeah I
mean he introduced me to so many
different things like stuff that I like
I use this thing called Sonic Reset
Therapy don't know if you know about it
it's this like noise that you listen to
I listen to it twice a day for 20
minutes
and it it
it's
definitely become something that calms
me down and helps me sleep at
night um and then what do you think it's
doing what is it doing for you it's just
kind of resetting your mind in a way or
yeah I think that's I mean I think I
guess that's the intention behind it as
as I listen to it it tells me to think
about negative experiences or think
about positive experiences that like
think about goals you want to achieve or
think about things you want to you know
get past and just let them come into
your mind at the
Forefront
and yeah it's really strange like it
just has a real caling effect we'll try
and get a hold of it and we'll try and
include it in the description below so
yeah it's you know like it it's been
it's been helping me you know I'm sure
it will help others um but you know
there's lots of different things like
one of the things that he suggested to
me which
at the time when he suggested it it was
such a weird
thing is he he recommended that I read
the Alcoholics Anonymous
book now I say it's a strange thing for
him to recommend for me because I've
never drunk alcohol in my life I've
never done drugs other than what the
doctors prescribed for me for my
cron so I've literally been tall forever
do you know what I mean so
like I just naively assumed that you
know this is a book to help someone who
is an
alcoholic yeah I've actually I've got I
still carry my copy that's yours this is
my copy um and in researching your story
I I realized the significance of this
book so I just bought a copy of it yeah
for people who have never read it um I
recommend reading it you don't have to
be I'm a test you don't have to be an
alcoholic to read it and gain something
from it um you know
essentially it's broken up into 12 steps
and each chapter each step is a lot of
people's like short stories of how they
overcome different phases of addiction
or trauma ultimately it's trauma but
it's in the in the AL book obviously
it's specifically kind of aimed at you
know Addiction in that sense and as you
hear all the
stories it's very easy
to replace the alcoholic side of it in
this book and put your own trauma or
grief that you're trying to deal with in
that
place and it's like a blueprint like
literally people are telling you how
they overcome a certain thing and might
not work everything might not work for
you as an individual but I took so much
from this and you know it's it can it's
kind of written maybe from like a
spiritual perspective you know I'm not
particularly religious like um but
ultimately it's about trying to get you
to beli in something greater than
yourself to help you find your
purpose and for me I've always known
what that is it's it's been per it's
been doing magic right but I didn't know
how to get back to that
place without dealing with all these
things I was dealing with you know like
and I've kind of you
know gone through the 12-step book but
I've kind of gone through my own 12-step
kind of
recovery like going through the
different emotional phases that I've
been trying to overcome
you know and some of those involved like
you
know going back looking at my past you
know looking at you know the situation
of my dad you know looking at my mom you
know like CU I think if I'm honest there
was definitely there's definitely been a
lot of resentment towards my mom um over
the years um
because when my dad went away like you
know as my mom you know my mom's L you
know living a different life life
without him you know naturally she's
going to get to a stage where she wants
a new boyfriend a new a new partner she
wants her life of her own
right but there's quite a few of those
men that came into her life that were
horrible to me you know big part of that
was because I was a mixed R kid and we
lived in a you know quite a racist area
so you
know a a lot of the men you know didn't
want me they wanted my mom cuz my mom
was lovely how did you know they didn't
want you they would tell me they would
tell you yeah they like yeah they just
tell me or they and they they'd do
things that showed me that they didn't
want me I I I pretty much moved in with
my grandparents when I was
15 like because the the men in my mom's
life just I wanted my mom to be happy
but that came up the sacrifice of my own
happiness it me it meant that she'd be
happy because she'd get the love maybe
that she thought she needed but I felt
like I lost my woman in the
process so there's been
resentment it's not being like surf on
the surface resentment like you know i'
still see my m at Christmases and but we
never really had that the bond that I
thought we should have
had
um but kind of one of the things I got
from from the book is I've had
conversations with my M that I've never
that I've been too scared to have and
I've actually got to understand her
better
and this is this is the wrong word but
because ultimately she doesn't need
forgiveness cuz knowing her story she
hasn't done things wrong in you know she
hasn't purposely done things wrong for
me to go I forgive you right but there
was knowing what she'd been through it's
it's in these conversations that I've
learned about some of the physical abuse
that my dad would do and that also the
other partners of hers would given and I
think she'd been trapped in a cycle of
you know not necessarily kind of picking
the wrong partners and just kind of
trying to do the same thing over and
over again expecting different results
you know which uh you know you can't
blame someone for
like I mean I've come to learn from
doing this podcast and speaking to a lot
of psychologists that specialize on love
that we often seek out the form of love
that we grew up on and sometimes that's
an abusive form of love so many
psychologists that have spoken to have
alluded to this but a few have said this
quite directly that if you were at a
very young age had an sort of a toxic um
attachment with maybe a figure in your
life there's a chance that you'll then
grow up and seek out toxic
attachments um in the cycle that you've
described we we tend to think that we
you
know we tend to think that if we've been
in a toxic situation when we were
younger for example that will'll then
seek out really really healthy
situations because we know what bad
looks like but in fact I've been told
that it's often the opposite that we go
back to the cycle of love that we were
familiar with familiarity seems to be
the key word yeah people find safety and
familiarity yeah even if that
familiarity isn't actually
safe I yeah I I can feel
that this book this very small book
There's Something About This these ideas
that seem to reach people when they're
in
their toughest
moments step number one we admitted we
were powerless that our lives had become
unmanageable step two we came to believe
that a power greater than ourselves
could restore us to
sanity have you had to admit you were
powerless and have you started to
believe in a power greater than yourself
oh definitely um I mean I've felt
powerless for years like I know
that I'm not in control like my owness
as devil me for so long but just when it
always seemed to kind of pop up you know
when when I'm kind of flying high when I
feel like Untouchable then suddenly I
get a little reminder but you know I'm
fallible I've got weaknesses you know
and can't get above my station so to
speak
but but yeah I
think I
think that I've always looked
[Music]
for the Magic in the wrong
place and what I mean by that is that
I've always
looked for the magic in me to help me
out of whatever situation I was
in and what this book opened up my mind
to the idea
of is the Magic in other people as you
know because I've been sent thousands of
messages these conversation cards sell
out exceptionally quick so here's the
deal I'm going to make with you if you
join the waiting list which is in the
description below you will get sent
access to buy these conversation cards
one hour before anybody else they're in
limited Supply so if you really do want
to get your hands on them please do add
your name to the waiting list in the
description below and you can find that
waiting list at Theon conversation
cards.com but I'll also include it in
the description below wherever you're
listening to this episode as you know
whoop are a sponsor of this podcast
which came about from me being the
biggest fan of their product it's been
an absolute game changer for my sleep
for my recovery and for my overall
well-being whoop is a wearable device
this thing on my wrist right here if
you're watching me that not only tracks
your health 247 but also guides you to
improve it it's probably the perfect
gift for the person who has everything
or is impossible to buy for which is
what my friends say to me because it's
the kind of gift that keeps on giving
offering realtime benefits for their
health and their Wellness forever so if
you're on the hunt for the perfect
present for a loved one or a team member
or even for you this festive season I
would highly highly recommend checking
out whoop and they very kindly offered
our community here under the D CEO a
special discount just for you but keep
this to yourself if you head over to
join. whoop.com
CEO you can get that discount let me
know who you get one for and how they
get on you have a TV show coming out
tonight which is really your grand
return to the public stage and that TV
show is called Dynamo is dead and it's
appearing on sky tonight which is very
very exciting and I guess this links to
what you just said about finding the
Magic in others right yeah yeah why are
you doing this what is
it I just need to get magic back in my
life because that's the thing that I
live
for and over the last few years when
I've been working on
myself
seeing a different type of
magic seeing the Magic in other
people is what's given me that spark
back
and the magic I've been seeing it's not
Dynamo magic you know it's something
different it's something that I'm
feeling and I'm finally feeling it again
in fact feel like I'm feeling it for the
first
time
like Edward Sim my
therapist he's a very successful
therapist he doesn't need to offer me
therapy for
free but he wanted to share some of his
magic
and that started to rewire my mind to
realize whoa like there's some amazing
people out there who can you know who
they can change lives they're changing
mind you know when I saw you three years
ago and we shared a candid conversation
you know about some of the things I was
feeling at the
time you first off listened to
me and there was no cameras around it
wasn't like this you know it was just
you were you were present in the room
with me
and then not only did you listen
but
you you kind of helped in a small
way and that was magic you know I don't
know if anybody knows who's watching
this but you are part of my new show
don't if you told anybody yet um so you
can also see you on the show tonight um
in a different way than maybe they used
to seeing you definitely but like your
story you know like
I
think one of the things I realized for a
lot of people from places like where I'm
from speaking to a therapist seems like
the last thing you would feel
comfortable doing you know I'm from a
counselor State we working class we're
like you know you're told if You' got a
problem suck it up you know be a man you
can't talk about your problems you know
like you just got to get on with it you
know what's that expression that keep
calm and carry on you know that's it was
like it's kind of like instilled in
us I wanted
to
show people from where I'm
from
that it's
okay to ask for help it's okay to be
broken it's okay to not know the
answers
and
I'm
not too
proud to go out there and search for the
answers for people you know
like and I've gone around the world
using the you know the platform that I
have you know I I've obviously as
Dynamo um the name opens doors so
but opening doors just for myself is
pointless because it's only feeding my
own ego I realized that if I could use
that
platform
to speak to individuals
candidly about dealing with any type of
trauma dealing with not feeling good
enough dealing with all the things that
I felt that made me not want to be be
alive
anymore then maybe that can
save someone else's life and I know it's
a grand grandio mission statement I
don't take it lightly I don't you know
I like I can I'm barely saving my own
life for the minute to you know so I
don't want to like f it so loosely but
you know that like I can save someone
else's life no but that's exactly what
it does that that is exactly what it
does and they're lives that you never
really get to see but just even in
Sharing how you felt and how you've
risen from that this is exactly what
Simon gunning told me it does save
people's lives and in this new chapter
of your life following this show tonight
called Dynamo is dead on Sky you're
going to continue to do that and if
there was ever a time and I think this
is why when you when you came up to me
at that event many a year ago and
started telling me a little bit about
your story I think I probably said it to
you then but I'm not sure um if there's
ever a time when people need that when
they need a little bit of joy and they
need a little bit of escapism and they
need a little bit of Wonder and they
need their imagination to be stretched
and what is real and what is possible
and what is impossible it is now and you
know that you know that's what people
need now and that means we need you
now I had the idea obviously to make
this show when we first started
speaking
but when my n
died
I I realized
then
that the Dynamo as we know it needed to
die with
her and
that the only way to fully have closure
on that part of my
life
was
if I actually bury myself
alive and
tonight after the show plays out live on
Sky I'm going to be doing that you're
going to bury yourself alive
MH in order to kill off the Dynamo
identity yeah and yeah I I mean I
haven't I haven't put myself in that
hole yet right
so you know
what will happen after that
point is hard to really kind of
summarize
because there's only been a few times in
my life where I've done like crazy like
you know endurance Feats like this and
something in you changes when you do
them you know it's a
incredibly scary thought
but since I've thought about it you know
since the 7th of
May
2021 I thought it's the only way to move
forward with my
life
and yeah
tonight after the show finishes
you'll be able to see it
live but it's not for me it's it's not
like a stun it's not an it's not about
escaping it's a cleansing for
me
and I feel like it will be one of the
most
incredible scary things I've ever done
but the thing I've learned over the last
few years is that I've got to stop being
scared and just start living my
life I'm I'm both terrified and excited
in equal measure to watch the show
tonight I had no idea you were burying
yourself alive so that's terrifying but
I understand your rationale um and I'm
very excited to see what
happens
Stephen
I would like to see some
magic if possible is there some magic
you can show me right now yeah do you
want to get some of your friends in as
well my team yeah my team are upstairs
um Jack could you bring the team
downstairs what you guys do here at doac
I am a video editor with nice I'm head
of trailers for the podcast there's some
good trailers as
well thank you uh I'm head of the
bookings
do you want to mix some you go for it go
you go you want as well so we'll split
them you can both yeah yeah is this the
best shuffling you've ever seen I mean
it's it's not bad it's not the
worst usually it's when you thr the
table and you just do all that standard
edition yeah I mix these over as well
mix these in so I I'll mix these all
together yeah yeah tell you what let's
just have everybody pick one we just
we'll just try this so take one out
Stephen there we go you mind me there we
go thank
you don't let me see I I'll look down so
I can't see him just remember them and
maybe show them to the camera so that
the people at home can remember them too
yeah cool I'm going to I'm going to look
up now yeah
yeah I'll take this one first it's
one
two
three
four I'll give him a
uh give him a
shle I'll do one of those for you
okay that is so cool oh my God so the
first card
um that's one king of diamonds that's
mine
your
card if I name your card out loud four
of Spades four of Spades if I just take
this and just snap like that we get the
four yeah so
um then two I
think
got and then for Stevens instead of
finding it I'll just I'll make all the
other cards
disappear what
oh my God where they G where they gone
when when you look under your pillow
tonight yeah they won't be there oh my
god wow that is unreal
Mega crazy don't did bring a SP
cars just in case yeah how many packs of
cards do you have uh I mean I'm trying
to figure it out trying to cut down the
two PS of bear oh yeah yeah take one
thank you and then um stepen have you
got a pen
y can you write your name on the face of
the car oh my God on on on this side
yeah on the other side and if I pass it
around so all of you can sign it
yeah oh my God these ones I've seen
these on
telly
getting a few things I'm going to
need perfect have you signed it as well
y yeah great place it right there first
down yeah did you show the camera no
maybe show the camera real quick yeah
that's what it
be
perfect so it's about halfway
down I've got a pound coin mhm you want
to check it oh I confirm it's a real
pound
C and I got a little piece of paper I'm
going to place this in fact um you can
see you can see clearly that the cards
it's it's in the Middle where you plac
it that's that's not the card yeah not
on the
top oh my
God
but that's going to be it isn't that the
bottom to the coin Burns through the
pack like
through it didn't go all the way through
the pack you see it stopped on one
card take a look you take a look
you
no oh my days my hands are shaking your
hands are
sh
wild Jem yeah have you ever had a time
in your life
where you feel people have got close to
you but
then they've almost like loaded you into
a false sense of security so that they
can almost like manipulate you and like
pull your heartstrings do you know what
I mean have you ever had that oh uh
didn't realize this was a
diio no
um yeah I guess I could say maybe okay
someone okay cool don't have to be a
person I think but just like time where
you've experienced that way manipulation
yeah so put your hand on my
chest and I want you to start to
describe the types of emotions you'd
feel when you went through that sort of
thing
insecurity lack of
confidence
um stupid stupid okay and then I just
want you to name a
color red rad okay so imagine these
feelings were attached to a heartstring
a heartstring would be red right you can
you can feel that pressure right
yeah slowly I'm just going to pull down
my top where your hand
is that was red string what see that oh
my
God you can you see that right coming
out your
chest oh my days just so I touch it yeah
check you can check it's my it's my it's
coming out my chest like you can feel it
on my chest yeah
yeah take it oh
God what take pull it yeah slowly pull
it out my
chest oh it's a bit
tight oh oh oh
my you put it on his AR string can you
feel feel this mhm
okay oh sorry more yeah is it going to
come out P it all the way
yeah my
God oh my God this is
freaking more how long is this heart
string
long oh that's your
sticky who
for me magic is about taking something
that kind of doesn't exist like a like a
little a little spark in your mind yeah
and then somehow being able to bring it
to
life I spent the last few
years not feeling like I had the magic
in me that I really wanted to share but
there was always that fire somewhere
deep inside of me dying to get
out so can you take the
lighter here we go again and can you put
your hands together like this for
me light the
lighter cuz I'm going to take
fire
I'm from
fire you get ice oh my God
what
face oh that's actual
ice as you guys know I'm a big fan of hu
I'm an investor in the company and they
sponsor this podcast and what I've done
for you I put together what I call the
hule Steven bundle which is a selection
of my favorite products from hu
including the Black Edition salted
caramel flavor which is super high in
protein and has 17 servings per
container my favorite heel bottle here
which comes with my bundle and also the
brand new and very exciting hu Complete
Nutrition bars this is chocolate camera
you can see from the empty box in front
of me that I've eaten most of them right
me and my team here if you leave these
on the counter for 5 seconds they'll go
I'm going to say something I've never
said when hu first made their bar many
many years ago I tried it and I didn't
like it so I've never talked about it on
this podcast they've spent roughly the
last two to three years making a brand
new bar which I absolutely love and
that's why I now talk about it because
it's a product that I eat if you want to
order them yourself and get started on
your hu Journey the link is in the
description below in this podcast
episode wherever you're listening to it
there'll be a Steven's bundle link and
check it
out do you need a podcast to listen to
next we've disc discovered that people
who liked this episode also tend to
absolutely love another recent episode
we've done so I've linked that episode
in the description below I know you'll
enjoy
[Music]
it